Add documentation for user API endpoints (#114)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/api/rest-endpoints.md

##### Request query parameters

None.

##### Default response

`Status: 200`

```
{
  "users": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-10T03:52:53Z",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-10T03:52:53Z",
      "id": 1,
      "username": "janedoe",
      "name": "",
      "email": "janedoe@example.com",
      "admin": true,
      "enabled": true,
      "force_password_reset": false,
      "gravatar_url": "",
      "sso_enabled": false
    }
  ]
}
```

##### Failed authentication

`Status: 401 Authentication Failed`

```
{
  "message": "Authentication Failed",
  "errors": [
    {
      "name": "base",
      "reason": "username or email and password do not match"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Create a user account with an invitation

Creates a user account after an invited user provides registration information and submits the form.

`POST /api/v1/kolide/users`

#### Parameters

| Name                  | Type   | In   | Description                                                     |
| --------------------- | ------ | ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| email                 | string | body | **Required**. The email address of the user.                    |

> | invite_token          | string | body | **Required**. Randomly generated token to validate invitations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| invite_token          | string | body | **Required**. Token provided to the user in the invitation email. |
```

```
{
  "message": "Resource Not Found",
  "errors": [
    {
      "name": "base",
      "reason": "Invite with token SjdReDNuZW5jd3dCbTJtQTQ5WjJTc2txWWlEcGpiM3c= was not found in the datastore"
    }
  ]
}
```

##### Validation failed

`Status: 422 Validation Failed`

The same error will be returned whenever one of the required parameters fails the validation.

```
{
  "message": "Validation Failed",
  "errors": [
    {
      "name": "username",
      "reason": "cannot be empty"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Create a user account without an invitation

Creates a user account without requiring an invitation, the user is enabled immediately.

`POST /api/v1/kolide/users/admin`

#### Parameters

| Name       | Type    | In   | Description                                      |
| ---------- | ------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| username   | string  | body | **Required**. The user's username.               |
| email      | string  | body | **Required**. The user's email address.          |
| password   | string  | body | **Required**. The user's password.               |
| invited_by | integer | body | **Required**. ID of the admin creating the user. |

> | admin      | boolean | body | **Required**. The user's admin flag.             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| admin      | boolean | body | **Required**. Whether the user has admin privileges. |
```
